*: update FAQ of tools (#4453)
pingcap/docs: tidb-binlog/handle-tidb-binlog-errors.md

Cause: When Pump is started, it notifies all Drainer nodes that are in the `online` state. If it fails to notify Drainer, this error log is printed.

Solution: Use the [binlogctl tool](/tidb-binlog/binlog-control.md) to check whether each Drainer node is normal or not. This is to ensure that all Drainer nodes that are in the `online` state are working normally. If the state of a Drainer node is not consistent with its actual working status, use the binlogctl tool to change its state and then restart Pump.

> ## Data loss is found during TiDB Binlog replication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data loss occurs during the TiDB Binlog replication
```

> You need to confirm that all TiDB instances enable TiDB Binlog and run normally. If the cluster version is greater than v3.0, use the `curl {TiDB_IP}:{STATUS_PORT}/info/all` command to confirm the TiDB Binlog status on all TiDB instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to confirm that TiDB Binlog is enabled on all TiDB instances and runs normally. If the cluster version is later than v3.0, use the `curl {TiDB_IP}:{STATUS_PORT}/info/all` command to confirm the TiDB Binlog status on all TiDB instances.
```
